Now that you've got your ROS environment variables in place,
you're ready to run some turtlesim_nodes.
The first thing is to start the rosmaster process.
To do this, all you need to do is run the command roscore. There we go.
We've been hit with a wall of text ending with the line started core service.
You don't need to worry about all of the detail printed to the console.
None of that is relevant to us right now.
As long as you don't see any color furet texts
indicating that there is an error, you're good to go.
Now that the master process is running you're able to run nodes.
The first node that you are going to run is turtlesim_node itself.
To run the node, you'll want to open a new terminal and execute the rosrun command.
The first parameter you'd be passing to the rosrun command is turtlesim,
which is the name of the ROS package containing the turtlesim_nodes.
Following turtlesim_node, which is the name of the node executable,
residing in the package that you wish to run. There you have it.
You're running the simulator and you've got
a little turtle waiting to be commanded around the window.
To command the turtle to move,
you must run another node called the turtle_teleop_node.
Once again, you need to open another terminal window and you
will run the same command you run a moment ago
with the exception of the node executable name,
rosrun, turtlesim our a package name,
and turtle_teleop_ key, the name of the node executable you wish run.
If you ever forget the name of the package or node that you wish to run,
tab completion can be helpful.
I'll show you how that works.
Let's say, I don't know the node name,
but I know that it started with turtle and then I hit tab, tab.
I see that the turtlesim package has two nodes that start with the word turtle.
There's a turtlesim_node, the node that we just run,
and there's turtle_teleop_ key,
the note that we are trying to run.
So, rosrun, turtlesim, turtle_teleop_key.
Okay. Now a turtlesim teleop_node is running.
With a turtle_teleop console selected,
you can use the arrow keys to drive your turtle around the virtual world.
Let's give this a try. There we go.
We are now ready to begin investigating
the turtlesim communication commands or "comms" for short